adding window setTimeout term (#2114)
Codecademy/docs: content/javascript/concepts/setTimeout/setTimeout.md

---
Title: 'setTimeout()'

> Description: 'setTimeout() allows users to execute callbacks after a period of time expressed in milliseconds'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Allows users to execute callbacks after a period of time expressed in milliseconds.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Parameters'
  - 'Arguments'
CatalogContent:
  - 'introduction-to-javascript'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> `setTimeout()` is a function serviced globally by the window object provided by the user's browser, it is not part of JavaScript because it is not a JavaScript function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**`setTimeout()`** is a function serviced globally by the window object provided by the user's browser.
```

## Syntax

`setTimeout()` is capable of receiving multiple parameters where the first is a callback function, the second parameter receives a number that represents the time in milliseconds **(1s = 1000ms)**, that defines the time needed for the callback to execute, the third parameter onwards will be the parameters that the callback function would take in case arguments are defined within the callback.

> The provided sample code contains some examples of how setTimeout is composed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The provided sample code contains some examples of how the function is composed:
```

```pseudo
setTimeout(callback)

setTimeout(callback, delay)

setTimeout(callback, delay, param)
```

## Examples

The following pieces of code will show some examples about the `setTimeout()` implementation:

```shell
// Defining the function
function sayHello() {
  console.log('Hello from Codecademy');
}

// Calling the function using setTimeout.
setTimeout(sayHello, 4000);
```

The output will be displayed after 4 seconds:

```output
Hello from Codecademy
```

> ## Example 1.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example 1
```

The following example can be done by using arrow functions, in which case, instead of declaring it using the word `function`, we can just create it by using `() =>`, for more information visit [arrow functions](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/arrow-functions).

```shell
// Defining the function
setTimeout(() => {
  console.log('HelloWorld from Codecademy');
}, 2000);
```

The output from the arrow function will be displayed after 2 seconds:

```shell
Helloworld from Codecademy
```

> ## Example 1.2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Codebyte Example
```

```shell
// Defining the function
function sayHello(a, b) {
  console.log('hello ' + a);
  console.log('Welcome to ' + b);
}

setTimeout(sayHello, 3000, 'Student', 'Codecademy');

console.log('This message is shown first');
```

> The output will be displayed after 3 seconds:
> 
> ```shell
> This message is shown first
> hello Student
> Welcome to Codecademy
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

`setTimeout()` is a function serviced globally by the window object provided by the user's browser, it is not part of JavaScript because it is not a JavaScript function.

## Syntax

`setTimeout()` is capable of receiving multiple parameters where the first is a callback function, the second parameter receives a number that represents the time in milliseconds **(1s = 1000ms)**, that defines the time needed for the callback to execute, the third parameter onwards will be the parameters that the callback function would take in case arguments are defined within the callback.

The provided sample code contains some examples of how setTimeout is composed:

```pseudo
setTimeout(callback)

setTimeout(callback, delay)

setTimeout(callback, delay, param)
```

## Usage example

The following pieces of code will show some examples about the setTimeout implementation:

```shell
// Defining the function

function sayHello() {
  console.log('Hello from Codecademy');
}

// Calling the function using setTimeout.

setTimeout(sayHello, 4000);
```

The output will be displayed after 4 seconds:

```output
Hello from Codecademy
```

> An example using [arrow functions](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/arrow-functions) would be:

Reviewer: This would be a header named example using arrow functions. In which case I recommend having 1-2 sentences explaining the code below. Within those sentences, you can include the arrow functions entry link.

```shell
// Defining the function

setTimeout(() => {
  console.log('HelloWorld from Codecademy');
}, 2000);
```

The output from the arrow function will be displayed after 2 seconds:

```output
HelloWorld from Codecademy
```

> ### Example using a parameters

Reviewer: Change to AP style title

Reviewer: also rephrase to example using parameters. Consistency is most important so if you want to break down the headers to "Example using <whatever specification>", I'd recommend changing the rest to fit that same structure. Change these to h2's instead of h3 for each header where you'll include an example.

Author: @yangc95 ready, please check

Author: Already commited some new titles, please check @yangc95

---

> Title: 'setTimeout'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Title: 'setTimeout()'
```

Reviewer: A little tricky, we'll have to wait to merge this PR until the window concept in issue [#2007](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/issues/2007) is merged.

But we'll handle this when the time comes or when the mentioned issue's PR is merged you can feel free to do this yourself; this folder/file will go into a folder named `window/terms/`.

> Description: setTimeout is a function serviced globally by the window object provided by the user's browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Explain what the function does here.'
```

We'll model this after a terms entry still. Make sure to start off with a present-tense verb

Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Parameters'
  - 'Arguments'
CatalogContent:
  - 'introduction-to-javascript'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> `setTimeout` is a function serviced globally by the window object provided by the user's browser, it is not part of JavaScript because it is not a JavaScript function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`setTimeout()` is a function serviced globally by the window object provided by the user's browser, it is not part of JavaScript because it is not a JavaScript function.
```

We'll refer to the function as such throughout the rest of the entry as well. JavaScript is available on the browser, Node.js is what we use to write in JavaScript locally

## Syntax

`setTimeout` is capable of receiving multiple parameters where the first is a callback function, the second parameter receives a number that represents the time in milliseconds **(1s = 1000ms)**, that defines the time needed for the callback to execute, the third parameter onwards will be the parameters that the callback function would take in case arguments are defined within the callback.

The provided sample code contains some examples of how setTimeout is composed:

> ```js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```pseudo
```

> ```js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```pseudo
```

> setTimeout(function)

Reviewer: should function be referred to as callback instead?

setTimeout(function, delay)

setTimeout(function, delay, param)
```

> ## Usage example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Examples
```

Reviewer: I'd like to discuss what potential headers could work better here. We'll keep this as an h2.

> The following pieces of code will show some examples about the setTimeout implementation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following pieces of code will show some examples about the `setTimeout()` implementation:
```

Reviewer: @RaffyRod style

```js
// Defining the function

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: @RaffyRod remove space 👾

function sayHello() {
  console.log('Hello from Codecademy');
}

// Calling the function using setTimeout.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

setTimeout(sayHello, 4000);
```

> As we're calling our function with `setTimeout` the output will be displayed after 4 seconds:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output from the `sayHello` function will be displayed after 4 seconds:
```

```output
Hello from Codecademy
```

> An example based on [Arrow Functions](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/arrow-functions) would be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example using [arrow functions](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/arrow-functions) would be:
```

Reviewer: Or you can change this line to a header like "Example Using Arrow Functions"

```js
// Defining the function

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

setTimeout(() => {
  console.log('HelloWorld from Codecademy');
}, 2000);
```

> As we're calling our function with `setTimeout` the output will be displayed after 2 seconds:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output from the arrow function will be displayed after 2 seconds:
```

> ```output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
```

Reviewer: output is not a valid code block. Please inquire for a list of available ones or check documentation

HelloWorld from Codecademy
```

### Example using a parameters

```js
// Defining the function

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

function sayHello(a, b) {
  console.log('hello ' + a);
  console.log('Welcome to ' + b);
}

setTimeout(sayHello, 3000, 'Student', 'Codecademy');

console.log('This message is shown first');
```

> As we're calling our function with `setTimeout` the output will be displayed after 3 seconds:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output will be displayed after 3 seconds:
```

> ```output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
```
